Updated the Office 365 IP Web Services Files (#378)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/hybrid-modern-auth-overview.md

  - Your SIP domain is added as a Federated domain in Office 365
    
  - All SFB Front Ends must have connections outbound to the internet, to Office 365 Authentication URLs (TCP 443) and well known certificate root CRLs (TCP 80) listed in Rows 56 and 125 of the 'Microsoft 365 Common and Office Online' section of [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md).
  

> - **Skype for Business On-premise in a Hybrid environment with Office 365**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Skype for Business on-premises in a hybrid Office 365 environment**
```

  - A Skype for Business Server 2019 deployment with all servers running Skype for Business Server 2019.
  
  - A Skype for Business Server 2015 deployment with all servers running Skype for Business Server 2015.
  

>   - A deployment with maximum of 2 different server versions as listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A deployment with a maximum of two different server versions as listed below.
```

  
     -Skype for Business Server 2015 and Skype for Business Server 2019
     

>   - All SFB servers must have the latest CU, please review the article [Skype for Business Server Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/sfb-server-updates) for the latest ones and installation instructions.

Reviewer 2: All SFB servers must have the latest **CUs. Please** review the article [Skype for Business Server Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/sfb-server-updates) for the latest **CUs** and installation instructions.

Please do changes indicated in **bold**.

>   - All SFB servers must have the latest CU, please review the article [Skype for Business Server Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/sfb-server-updates) for the latest ones and installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 All Skype for Business servers must have the latest cumulative updates installed.  See [Skype for Business Server updates](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/sfb-server-updates) to find and manage all available updates.
```

>   - There is no Lync Server 2010 or 2013 on the hybrid environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There is no Lync Server 2010 or 2013 in the hybrid environment.
```

  - SSL Offloading is not configured. SSL termination and re-encryption is supported.
    
  - In the event your environment utilizes a proxy server infrastructure to allow servers to connect to the Internet, be sure all Exchange servers have the proxy server defined in the [InternetWebProxy](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb123716%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx) property.
  

> - **Exchange Server On-premise in a Hybrid environment with Office 365**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Exchange Server on-premises in a hybrid Office 365 environment**
```

>   - If you are using Exchange server 2013, At least one server with the Mailbox and Client Access server roles installed. While it's possible to install the Mailbox and Client Access roles on separate servers, we strongly recommend that you install both roles on each server to provide additional reliability and improved performance

Reviewer 2: If you are using Exchange server 2013, at least one server **must have** the Mailbox and Client Access server roles installed. While **it is** possible to install the Mailbox and Client Access roles on separate servers, we strongly recommend that you install both roles on each server to provide additional reliability and improved **performance.**

Please do changes as indicated in **bold**.

>   - If you are using Exchange server 2016 or newer version, at least one server that has the Mailbox server role installed.

Reviewer 2: If you are using Exchange server 2016 or **later** version, at least one server **must have** the Mailbox server role installed.

  
  - There is no Exchange server 2007 or 2010 in the Hybrid environment.
  

>   - All Exchange servers must have the latest CU, review the article [Upgrade Exchange to the latest Cumulative Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/plan-and-deploy/install-cumulative-updates?view=exchserver-2019) for the latest ones and installation instructions.

Reviewer 2: All Exchange servers must have the latest **CU installed. Please review** the article [Upgrade Exchange to the latest Cumulative Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/plan-and-deploy/install-cumulative-updates?view=exchserver-2019) for the latest **CUs** and installation instructions.
